This app can be used as a search tool or a reports runner. The reports are created within the app using the raw data provided by the NYC DOHMH (Department of Health and Mental Hygiene).
If you are primarily interested in using this as a search tool, you can make the search page the default start page.
On the home screen menu go into settings - you will find the option there.

The app lets you:

Search for a restaurant by name, cuisine, address or phone number.

Run a report on aggregate data. Some reports are:
    Get list of establishments closed by the DOHMH.
    Get restaurants based on grades, scores, and violations.
    Find new restaurants.

See all violations on record for any restaurant.
    When using search or running a report, if you tap the restaurant result you are interested in, you will get to the detail screen.
    This screen will show you each inspection by date. By tapping on the inspection date row you will see each violation.
    Critical violations are shown in red text.

Create your own reports.
    Go into the Violation Reports section on the home screen  and choose "Create your own violation report".
    A screen will show up listing all possible violations to get data for.
    You can select a single or multiple violations to include in the report.
    Run the report.
    Choose the menu option 'Save Report'
    That report will then be available on the User Saved Reports section.
    Note: The filter used to re-run that report is the current filter, not the one in effect when the reports was created.

Create your own filter.
    From the home screen menu choose 'Filter - create new filter'
    Give the filter a name.
    Enter the zip codes for the filter. Separate the zip codes bu=y using a comma.
    Example of zip code filter: 10021,10022,10023

Hide filters:
    If you don't want some filters to be visible, you can hide them.
    From the home page menu choose 'Filter - Hide/Show/Delete'
    Check filters you want to see.
    Un-check ones you want to hide.
    You can delete a filter that you created - long press the filter.

Create a favorites list.
    When you are in the inspection screen you can choose the 'Add to Favorites' option.
    Those favorites can be accessed from the Favorite Restaurants section on the home screen.
    You can delete a favorite by long pressing its name.


